im testing rn, and calling errors as im going without finishing. the toasts, and notification is not taking our ui typography why? it should have a balck bg as normal, its mordern, then probably the text is white or blue as it..then the tick for the state can be green or red..but for normal it normal, also the card been choked up is still there...when i made a change and a badge came up, it was literally covering part of the project name, maybe increase the width of the card and all., also on the copy of the project link the modal can go immediately the link is copied..also on join project when folder is selected...that green stuff shouldnt be there...its contrating with our ui topography. u can turn it into a toast..to tell them that..instead of displaying that..or if we must display..it should be according to our ui type and all. and it should be small, it should take the layout of the create project modal..u get? so that both do have same experience, and everything is consistent instead of different things everytime. also the joining progress is not obvious..or not even displaying at all. i want all progress both for creating, push, joining, pulling and etc...to be in the center of the app, with a over lay, like a loading state, but displaying all progress as it goes till its successful,, then it displays that with a good tick animation, and disappears. also my next observation...i dont know if its network issues, or the websockets dosent update the ui as it should. just finished joining, and i thought it was unsuccessful, then i went to the collaboration page, and probably because of the reload..thats y the card and update appeared. also the button "backup" the text should change based on what is to be done..maybe we could say push update...u get...also when one joins first time he should have to click the download button to clone the stuffs and all,, it should automatically clone into the selected folder n first join. lastly the realtime stuff isnt there..the websocket notification, and desktop notification dosent work..just tried push a change to the other and the other didnt even respond. Check all these. ill pate the logs for you to look at the behaviours too
